---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datarobot_workload Data Source - datarobot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Read a Workload from the Workload API by ID. Exposes the full WorkloadFormatted response returned by GET /workloads/{workload_id}.
---

# datarobot_workload (Data Source)

Read a Workload from the Workload API by ID. Exposes the full `WorkloadFormatted` response returned by `GET /workloads/{workload_id}`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datarobot_workload" "example" {
  id = var.workload_id
}

output "workload_endpoint" {
  value = data.datarobot_workload.example.endpoint
}

output "workload_status" {
  value = data.datarobot_workload.example.status
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the Workload.

### Read-Only

- `artifact` (Attributes) Basic information about the currently active artifact for this Workload. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--artifact))
- `artifact_id` (String) ID of the currently active artifact for this Workload.
- `created_at` (String) Timestamp of when the Workload was created.
- `creator` (Attributes) Owner user details including ID, username and email. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--creator))
- `description` (String) Workload description.
- `endpoint` (String) Workload endpoint URL.
- `importance` (String) Workload importance level.
- `last_response` (String) Timestamp of the last response received from this Workload.
- `name` (String) Name of the Workload.
- `owners` (Attributes List) List of Workload owners. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owners))
- `permissions` (List of String) User permissions for this Workload.
- `proton_id` (String) ID of the currently active proton for this Workload.
- `replacement` (Attributes) Information about an active replacement process for this Workload, if any. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--replacement))
- `request_stats` (Attributes) Request statistics for this Workload. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request_stats))
- `runtime` (Attributes) Runtime configuration sourced from the current proton. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime))
- `status` (String) Current Workload status.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Tags associated with this Workload. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `type` (String) Workload artifact type.
- `updated_at` (String) Timestamp of when the Workload was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--artifact"></a>
### Nested Schema for `artifact`

Read-Only:

- `artifact_repository_id` (String) ID of the artifact repository this artifact belongs to (for versioning).
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the artifact.
- `name` (String) Name of the artifact.
- `status` (String) Artifact status.
- `template_id` (String) ID of the template used to create this artifact.
- `type` (String) Artifact type.
- `version` (Number) Version number of the artifact (set only for locked artifacts).


<a id="nestedatt--creator"></a>
### Nested Schema for `creator`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) User email address.
- `full_name` (String) User's full name.
- `id` (String) User ID associated with this resource.
- `userhash` (String) User's gravatar hash.
- `username` (String) Username.


<a id="nestedatt--owners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owners`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) User email address.
- `full_name` (String) User's full name.
- `id` (String) User ID associated with this resource.
- `userhash` (String) User's gravatar hash.
- `username` (String) Username.


<a id="nestedatt--replacement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `replacement`

Read-Only:

- `candidate_proton_ids` (List of String) IDs of protons pending promotion during artifact replacement.
- `status` (String) Replacement status.
- `strategy` (String) Replacement strategy.


<a id="nestedatt--request_stats"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request_stats`

Read-Only:

- `concurrent_requests` (Number) Number of concurrent requests.
- `error_rate` (Number) Error rate percentage.
- `error_rates` (List of Number) Error rates over the last 7 time periods.
- `last_request_at` (String) Timestamp of the last request.
- `request_rates` (List of Number) Request rates over the last 7 time periods.
- `response_time` (Number) Average response time in milliseconds.
- `total_requests` (Number) Total number of requests.


<a id="nestedatt--runtime"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime`

Read-Only:

- `container_groups` (Attributes List) Per-group runtime configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime--container_groups))

<a id="nestedatt--runtime--container_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime.container_groups`

Read-Only:

- `autoscaling` (Attributes) Autoscaling configuration for this group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime--container_groups--autoscaling))
- `bundle_selection_policy` (String) How to select among resource_bundles.
- `containers` (Attributes List) Per-container overrides for this group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime--container_groups--containers))
- `name` (String) Group name. Must match a container group name declared in the artifact.
- `replica_count` (Number) Number of replicas.
- `resolved_bundle` (Attributes) Full details of the bundle selected at scheduling time. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime--container_groups--resolved_bundle))
- `resource_bundles` (List of String) Ordered list of bundle IDs. One is selected at scheduling time.

<a id="nestedatt--runtime--container_groups--autoscaling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime.container_groups.autoscaling`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether autoscaling is enabled.
- `policies` (Attributes List) Scaling policies that define when and how to scale. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime--container_groups--autoscaling--policies))

<a id="nestedatt--runtime--container_groups--autoscaling--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime.container_groups.autoscaling.policies`

Read-Only:

- `max_count` (Number) Maximum number of replicas.
- `min_count` (Number) Minimum number of replicas.
- `priority` (Number) Policy priority when multiple policies are defined.
- `scaling_metric` (String) Metric used for scaling decisions.
- `target` (Number) Target value for the scaling metric.



<a id="nestedatt--runtime--container_groups--containers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime.container_groups.containers`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Container name.
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) Resource allocation for this container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime--container_groups--containers--resource_allocation))

<a id="nestedatt--runtime--container_groups--containers--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime.container_groups.containers.resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (Number) CPU cores allocated to this container.
- `gpu` (Number) GPUs allocated to this container.
- `gpu_memory` (String) GPU VRAM allocated.
- `memory` (String) RAM allocated to this container.



<a id="nestedatt--runtime--container_groups--resolved_bundle"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime.container_groups.resolved_bundle`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_count` (Number) Number of CPU cores.
- `gpu_count` (Number) Number of GPU units.
- `gpu_maker` (String) GPU manufacturer.
- `gpu_type_label` (String) GPU type label.
- `id` (String) Bundle identifier that was selected.
- `memory_bytes` (Number) Memory size in bytes.




<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the tag.
- `name` (String) Name of the tag.
- `value` (String) Value of the tag.
