---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datarobot_custom_metric_job Resource - datarobot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Custom Job
---

# datarobot_custom_metric_job (Resource)

Custom Job

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datarobot_custom_metric_job" "example" {
  name = "Example Custom Metric Job"
  files = [
    "file1.py",
    "file2.py",
  ]
  environment_id = "65f9b27eab986d30d4c64268"

  # Optional
  description = "Example Custom Metric Job Description"
  runtime_parameter_values = [
    {
      key   = "EXAMPLE_PARAM",
      type  = "string",
      value = "val",
    },
  ]
  egress_network_policy = "none"
  resource_bundle_id    = "cpu.micro"
  units                 = "count"
  directionality        = "lowerIsBetter"
  type                  = "sum"
  is_model_specific     = false
}

output "example_id" {
  value       = datarobot_custom_job.example.id
  description = "The id for the example custom metric job"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Custom Metric Job.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the Custom Metric Job.
- `directionality` (String) The directionality of the Custom Metric.
- `egress_network_policy` (String) The egress network policy for the Job.
- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to use with the Job.
- `environment_version_id` (String) The ID of the environment version to use with the Job.
- `files` (Dynamic) The list of tuples, where values in each tuple are the local filesystem path and the path the file should be placed in the Job. If list is of strings, then basenames will be used for tuples.
- `folder_path` (String) The path to a folder containing files to be uploaded. Each file in the folder is uploaded under path relative to a folder path.
- `is_model_specific` (Boolean) Determines whether the metric is related to the model or deployment.
- `resource_bundle_id` (String) A single identifier that represents a bundle of resources: Memory, CPU, GPU, etc.
- `runtime_parameter_values` (Attributes List) Additional parameters to be injected into a Job at runtime. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime_parameter_values))
- `time_step` (String) Custom metric time bucket size.
- `type` (String) The aggregation type of the custom metric.
- `units` (String) The units, or the y-axis label, of the given custom metric.

### Read-Only

- `files_hashes` (List of String) The hash of file contents for each file in files.
- `folder_path_hash` (String) The hash of the folder path contents.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Custom Metric Job.

<a id="nestedatt--runtime_parameter_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_parameter_values`

Required:

- `key` (String) The name of the runtime parameter.
- `type` (String) The type of the runtime parameter.
- `value` (String) The value of the runtime parameter (type conversion is handled internally).
