---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datarobot_custom_metric_from_job Resource - datarobot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Custom Metric From Job
---

# datarobot_custom_metric_from_job (Resource)

Custom Metric From Job

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datarobot_custom_metric_from_job" "example" {
  name          = "Example Custom Metric From Job"
  deployment_id = datarobot_deployment.example.id
  custom_job_id = datarobot_custom_metric_job.example.id
}

output "example_id" {
  value       = datarobot_custom_metric_from_job.example.id
  description = "The id for the example custom metric"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `custom_job_id` (String) ID of the Custom Job.
- `deployment_id` (String) ID of the Deployment.
- `name` (String) Name of the metric.

### Optional

- `baseline_value` (Number) Baseline value for the metric.
- `batch` (Attributes) Batch ID source when reading values from columnar dataset like a file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--batch))
- `description` (String) Description of the metric.
- `parameter_overrides` (Attributes List) Additional parameters to be injected into the Metric Job at runtime. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameter_overrides))
- `sample_count` (Attributes) Points to a weight column if users provide pre-aggregated metric values. Used with columnar datasets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sample_count))
- `schedule` (Attributes) Defines at what intervals the metric job should run. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule))
- `timestamp` (Attributes) Timestamp spoofing when reading values from file, like dataset. By default, we replicate pd.to_datetime formatting behaviour. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timestamp))
- `value` (Attributes) Value source when reading values from columnar dataset like a file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--value))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of the Custom Metric.

<a id="nestedatt--batch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `batch`

Optional:

- `column_name` (String) Column name.


<a id="nestedatt--parameter_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameter_overrides`

Required:

- `key` (String) The name of the runtime parameter.
- `type` (String) The type of the runtime parameter.
- `value` (String) The value of the runtime parameter (type conversion is handled internally).


<a id="nestedatt--sample_count"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sample_count`

Required:

- `column_name` (String) Column name.


<a id="nestedatt--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule`

Required:

- `day_of_month` (List of String) Days of the month when the metric job will run.
- `day_of_week` (List of String) Days of the week when the metric job will run.
- `hour` (List of String) Hours of the day when the metric job will run.
- `minute` (List of String) Minutes of the day when the metric job will run.
- `month` (List of String) Months of the year when the metric job will run.


<a id="nestedatt--timestamp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timestamp`

Optional:

- `column_name` (String) Column name.
- `time_format` (String) Format.


<a id="nestedatt--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `value`

Optional:

- `column_name` (String) Column name.
