---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datarobot_custom_model Resource - datarobot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Custom Model
---

# datarobot_custom_model (Resource)

Custom Model

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datarobot_remote_repository" "example" {
  name        = "Datarobot User Models"
  description = "GitHub repository with Datarobot user models"
  location    = "https://github.com/datarobot/datarobot-user-models"
  source_type = "github"

  # set the credential id for private repositories
  # credential_id = datarobot_api_token_credential.example.id
}

resource "datarobot_custom_model" "example" {
  name        = "Example from GitHub"
  description = "An example custom model from GitHub repository"
  files = [
    "file1.py",
    "file2.py",
  ]
  target_type         = "Binary"
  target_name         = "my_label"
  base_environment_id = "65f9b27eab986d30d4c64268"

  # Optional
  # source_remote_repositories = [
  #   {
  #     id  = datarobot_remote_repository.example.id
  #     ref = "master"
  #     source_paths = [
  #       "model_templates/python3_dummy_binary",
  #     ]
  #   }
  # ]
  # guard_configurations = [
  #   {
  #     template_name = "Rouge 1"
  #     name          = "Rouge 1 response"
  #     stages        = ["response"]
  #     intervention = {
  #       action  = "block"
  #       message = "response has been blocked by Rogue 1 guard"
  #       condition = jsonencode({
  #         "comparand": 0.5, 
  #         "comparator": "greaterThan"
  #       })
  #     }
  #   },
  # ]
  # overall_moderation_configuration = {
  #   timeout_sec    = 120
  #   timeout_action = "score"
  # }
  # memory_mb      = 512
  # replicas       = 2
  # network_access = "NONE"
  # tags = [
  #   {
  #     name  = "team"
  #     value = "engineering"
  #   },
  #   {
  #     name  = "env"
  #     value = "test"
  #   }
  # ]
}

output "example_id" {
  value       = datarobot_custom_model.example.id
  description = "The id for the example custom model"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Custom Model.

### Optional

- `base_environment_id` (String) The ID of the base environment for the Custom Model.
- `base_environment_version_id` (String) The ID of the base environment version for the Custom Model.
- `class_labels` (List of String) Class labels for multiclass classification. Cannot be used with class_labels_file.
- `class_labels_file` (String) Path to file containing newline separated class labels for multiclass classification. Cannot be used with class_labels.
- `description` (String) The description of the Custom Model.
- `files` (Dynamic) The list of tuples, where values in each tuple are the local filesystem path and the path the file should be placed in the Custom Model. If list is of strings, then basenames will be used for tuples.
- `folder_path` (String) The path to a folder containing files to build the Custom Model. Each file in the folder is uploaded under path relative to a folder path.
- `guard_configurations` (Attributes List) The guard configurations for the Custom Model. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--guard_configurations))
- `is_proxy` (Boolean) Flag indicating if the Custom Model is a proxy model.
- `language` (String) The language used to build the Custom Model.
- `memory_mb` (Number) The memory in MB for the Custom Model.
- `negative_class_label` (String) The negative class label of the Custom Model.
- `network_access` (String) The network access for the Custom Model.
- `overall_moderation_configuration` (Attributes) The overall moderation configuration for the Custom Model. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--overall_moderation_configuration))
- `positive_class_label` (String) The positive class label of the Custom Model.
- `prediction_threshold` (Number) The prediction threshold of the Custom Model.
- `replicas` (Number) The replicas for the Custom Model.
- `resource_bundle_id` (String) A single identifier that represents a bundle of resources: Memory, CPU, GPU, etc.
- `runtime_parameter_values` (Attributes List) The runtime parameter values for the Custom Model. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime_parameter_values))
- `source_llm_blueprint_id` (String) The ID of the source LLM Blueprint for the Custom Model.
- `source_remote_repositories` (Attributes List) The source remote repositories for the Custom Model. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_remote_repositories))
- `target_name` (String) The target name of the Custom Model.
- `target_type` (String) The target type of the Custom Model.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) The list of tags to assign to the Custom Model. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `training_data_partition_column` (String) The name of the partition column in the training dataset assigned to the Custom Model.
- `training_dataset_id` (String) The ID of the training dataset assigned to the Custom Model.
- `use_case_ids` (List of String) The list of Use Case IDs to add the Custom Model version to.

### Read-Only

- `deployments_count` (Number) The number of deployments for the Custom Model.
- `files_hashes` (List of String) The hash of file contents for each file in files.
- `folder_path_hash` (String) The hash of the folder path contents.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Custom Model.
- `training_dataset_name` (String) The name of the training dataset assigned to the Custom Model.
- `training_dataset_version_id` (String) The version ID of the training dataset assigned to the Custom Model.
- `version_id` (String) The ID of the latest Custom Model version.

<a id="nestedatt--guard_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `guard_configurations`

Required:

- `intervention` (Attributes) The intervention for the guard configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--guard_configurations--intervention))
- `name` (String) The name of the guard configuration.
- `stages` (List of String) The list of stages for the guard configuration.
- `template_name` (String) The template name of the guard configuration.

Optional:

- `additional_guard_config` (Attributes) Additional guard configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--guard_configurations--additional_guard_config))
- `deployment_id` (String) The deployment ID of this guard.
- `input_column_name` (String) The input column name of this guard.
- `llm_type` (String) The LLM type for this guard.
- `nemo_info` (Attributes) Configuration info for NeMo guards. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--guard_configurations--nemo_info))
- `openai_api_base` (String) The OpenAI API base URL for this guard.
- `openai_credential` (String) The ID of an OpenAI credential for this guard.
- `openai_deployment_id` (String) The ID of an OpenAI deployment for this guard.
- `output_column_name` (String) The output column name of this guard.

<a id="nestedatt--guard_configurations--intervention"></a>
### Nested Schema for `guard_configurations.intervention`

Required:

- `action` (String) The action of the guard intervention.
- `condition` (String) The JSON-encoded condition of the guard intervention. e.g. `{"comparand": 0.5, "comparator": "lessThan"}`

Optional:

- `message` (String) The message of the guard intervention.


<a id="nestedatt--guard_configurations--additional_guard_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `guard_configurations.additional_guard_config`

Optional:

- `cost` (Attributes) Cost metric configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--guard_configurations--additional_guard_config--cost))

<a id="nestedatt--guard_configurations--additional_guard_config--cost"></a>
### Nested Schema for `guard_configurations.additional_guard_config.cost`

Required:

- `currency` (String) Currency for cost calculation (USD)
- `input_price` (Number) LLM Price for input_unit tokens
- `input_unit` (Number) No of input tokens for given price
- `output_price` (Number) LLM Price for output_unit tokens
- `output_unit` (Number) No of output tokens for given price



<a id="nestedatt--guard_configurations--nemo_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `guard_configurations.nemo_info`

Optional:

- `actions` (String) The actions for the NeMo information.
- `blocked_terms` (String) NeMo guardrails blocked terms list.
- `llm_prompts` (String) NeMo guardrails prompts.
- `main_config` (String) Overall NeMo configuration YAML.
- `rails_config` (String) NeMo guardrails configuration Colang.



<a id="nestedatt--overall_moderation_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `overall_moderation_configuration`

Optional:

- `timeout_action` (String) The timeout action of the overall moderation configuration.
- `timeout_sec` (Number) The timeout in seconds of the overall moderation configuration.


<a id="nestedatt--runtime_parameter_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_parameter_values`

Required:

- `key` (String) The name of the runtime parameter.
- `type` (String) The type of the runtime parameter.
- `value` (String) The value of the runtime parameter (type conversion is handled internally).


<a id="nestedatt--source_remote_repositories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_remote_repositories`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the source remote repository.
- `ref` (String) The reference of the source remote repository.
- `source_paths` (List of String) The list of source paths in the source remote repository.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag.
