---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datarobot_custom_job Resource - datarobot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Custom Job
---

# datarobot_custom_job (Resource)

Custom Job

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datarobot_custom_job" "example" {
  name     = "Example Custom Job"
  job_type = "retraining"
  files = [
    {
      source      = "file1.py"
      destination = "file1.py"
    },
    {
      source      = "file2.py"
      destination = "file2.py"
    },
  ]
  environment_id = "65f9b27eab986d30d4c64268"

  # Optional
  description = "Example Custom Job Description"
  runtime_parameter_values = [
    {
      key   = "EXAMPLE_PARAM",
      type  = "string",
      value = "val",
    },
  ]
  egress_network_policy = "none"
  resource_bundle_id    = "cpu.micro"
  schedule = {
    minute       = ["15", "45"]
    hour         = ["*"]
    month        = ["*"]
    day_of_month = ["*"]
    day_of_week  = ["*"]
  }
}

output "example_id" {
  value       = datarobot_custom_job.example.id
  description = "The id for the example custom job"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Custom Job.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the Custom Job.
- `egress_network_policy` (String) The egress network policy for the Job.
- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to use with the Job.
- `environment_version_id` (String) The ID of the environment version to use with the Job.
- `files` (Attributes List) List of files to upload, each with a source (local path) and destination (path in job). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--files))
- `folder_path` (String) The path to a folder containing files to be uploaded. Each file in the folder is uploaded under path relative to a folder path.
- `job_type` (String) The type of the Custom Job.
- `resource_bundle_id` (String) A single identifier that represents a bundle of resources: Memory, CPU, GPU, etc.
- `runtime_parameter_values` (Attributes List) Additional parameters to be injected into a Job at runtime. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime_parameter_values))
- `schedule` (Attributes) The schedule configuration for the custom job. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule))
- `schedule_id` (String) The ID of the schedule associated with the custom job.

### Read-Only

- `files_hashes` (List of String) The hash of file contents for each file in files.
- `folder_path_hash` (String) The hash of the folder path contents.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Custom Job.

<a id="nestedatt--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `files`

Required:

- `destination` (String) Path in the job.
- `source` (String) Local filesystem path.


<a id="nestedatt--runtime_parameter_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_parameter_values`

Required:

- `key` (String) The name of the runtime parameter.
- `type` (String) The type of the runtime parameter.
- `value` (String) The value of the runtime parameter (type conversion is handled internally).


<a id="nestedatt--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule`

Required:

- `day_of_month` (List of String) Days of the month when the job will run.
- `day_of_week` (List of String) Days of the week when the job will run.
- `hour` (List of String) Hours of the day when the job will run.
- `minute` (List of String) Minutes of the day when the job will run.
- `month` (List of String) Months of the year when the job will run.
