---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datarobot_deployment_retraining_policy Resource - datarobot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Deployment Retraining Policy
---

# datarobot_deployment_retraining_policy (Resource)

Deployment Retraining Policy

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datarobot_deployment_retraining_policy" "example" {
  deployment_id = datarobot_deployment.example.id
  name          = "Example Deployment Retraining Policy"
  description   = "Example Description"

  # Optional
  action                   = "create_model_package"
  model_selection_strategy = "custom_job"
  feature_list_strategy    = "informative_features"
  project_options_strategy = "custom"
  trigger = {
    custom_job_id = datarobot_custom_job.example.id
  }
  autopilot_options   = {}
  project_options     = {}
  time_series_options = {}
}


output "datarobot_deployment_retraining_policy_id" {
  value       = datarobot_deployment_retraining_policy.example.id
  description = "The id for the example deployment retraining policy"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `deployment_id` (String) The ID of the Deployment for the Retraining Policy.
- `description` (String) The description of the Retraining Policy.
- `name` (String) The name of the Retraining Policy.

### Optional

- `action` (String) The the action to take on the resultant new model.
- `autopilot_options` (Attributes) Options for projects used to build new models. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--autopilot_options))
- `feature_list_strategy` (String) The feature list strategy used for modeling.
- `model_selection_strategy` (String) Determines how the new model is selected when the retraining policy runs.
- `project_options` (Attributes) Options for projects used to build new models. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--project_options))
- `project_options_strategy` (String) The project option strategy used for modeling.
- `time_series_options` (Attributes) Time Series project options used to build new models. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--time_series_options))
- `trigger` (Attributes) Retraining policy trigger. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trigger))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the Retraining Policy.

<a id="nestedatt--autopilot_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `autopilot_options`

Optional:

- `blend_best_models` (Boolean) Blend best models during Autopilot run. This option is not supported in SHAP-only mode.
- `mode` (String) The autopiltot mode.
- `run_leakage_removed_feature_list` (Boolean) Run Autopilot on Leakage Removed feature list (if exists).
- `scoring_code_only` (Boolean) Keep only models that can be converted to scorable java code during Autopilot run.
- `shap_only_mode` (Boolean) Include only models with SHAP value support.


<a id="nestedatt--project_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project_options`

Optional:

- `cv_method` (String) The partitioning method for projects used to build new models.
- `holdout_pct` (Number) The percentage of dataset to assign to holdout set in projects used to build new models.
- `metric` (String) The model selection metric in projects used to build new models.
- `reps` (Number) The number of cross validation folds to use for projects used to build new models.
- `validation_pct` (Number) The percentage of dataset to assign to validation set in projects used to build new models.
- `validation_type` (String) The validation type for projects used to build new models.


<a id="nestedatt--time_series_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `time_series_options`

Optional:

- `calendar_id` (String) The ID of the calendar to be used in this project.
- `differencing_method` (String) For time series projects only. Used to specify which differencing method to apply if the data is stationary. For classification problems simple and seasonal are not allowed. Parameter periodicities must be specified if seasonal is chosen. Defaults to auto.
- `exponentially_weighted_moving_alpha` (Number) Discount factor (alpha) used for exponentially weighted moving features.
- `periodicities` (Attributes List) A list of periodicities for time series projects only. For classification problems periodicities are not allowed. If this is provided, parameter 'differencing_method' will default to 'seasonal' if not provided or 'auto'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--time_series_options--periodicities))
- `treat_as_exponential` (String) For time series projects only. Used to specify whether to treat data as exponential trend and apply transformations like log-transform. For classification problems always is not allowed. Defaults to auto.

<a id="nestedatt--time_series_options--periodicities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `time_series_options.periodicities`

Required:

- `time_steps` (Number) The number of time steps.
- `time_unit` (String) The time unit or ROW if windowsBasisUnit is ROW



<a id="nestedatt--trigger"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trigger`

Optional:

- `custom_job_id` (String) Custom job ID for the retraining policy.
- `min_interval_between_runs` (String) Minimal interval between policy runs in ISO 8601 duration string.
- `schedule` (Attributes) Schedule for the retraining policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trigger--schedule))
- `status_declines_to_failing` (Boolean) Identifies when trigger type is based on deployment a health status, whether the policy will run when health status declines to failing.
- `status_declines_to_warning` (Boolean) Identifies when trigger type is based on deployment a health status, whether the policy will run when health status declines to warning.
- `status_still_in_decline` (Boolean) Identifies when trigger type is based on deployment a health status, whether the policy will run when health status still in decline.
- `type` (String) Type of retraining policy trigger.

<a id="nestedatt--trigger--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trigger.schedule`

Required:

- `day_of_month` (List of String) Days of the month when the job will run.
- `day_of_week` (List of String) Days of the week when the job will run.
- `hour` (List of String) Hours of the day when the job will run.
- `minute` (List of String) Minutes of the day when the job will run.
- `month` (List of String) Months of the year when the job will run.
