---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datarobot_deployment Resource - datarobot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Deployment
---

# datarobot_deployment (Resource)

Deployment

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datarobot_custom_model" "example" {
  name                  = "Example Custom Model"
  description           = "Description for the example custom model"
  target_type           = "Binary"
  target_name           = "my_label"
  base_environment_name = "[GenAI] Python 3.11 with Moderations"
  files                 = ["example.py"]
}

resource "datarobot_registered_model" "example" {
  custom_model_version_id = datarobot_custom_model.example.version_id
  name                    = "Example Registered Model"
  description             = "Description for the example registered model"
}

resource "datarobot_prediction_environment" "example" {
  name        = "Example Prediction Environment"
  description = "Description for the example prediction environment"
  platform    = "datarobotServerless"
}

resource "datarobot_deployment" "example" {
  label                       = "An example deployment"
  prediction_environment_id   = datarobot_prediction_environment.example.id
  registered_model_version_id = datarobot_registered_model.example.version_id

  # Optional settings
  # challenger_models_settings = {}
  # challenger_replay_settings = {}
  # segment_analysis_settings  = {}
  # bias_and_fairness_settings = {}
  # predictions_by_forecast_date_settings = {}
  # drift_tracking_settings = {}
  # association_id_settings = {}
  # predictions_data_collection_settings = {}
  # prediction_warning_settings = {}
  # prediction_interval_settings = {}
  # predictions_settings = {}
  # health_settings = {}
}

output "datarobot_deployment_id" {
  value       = datarobot_deployment.example.id
  description = "The id for the example deployment"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `label` (String) The label of the Deployment.
- `prediction_environment_id` (String) The ID of the predication environment for this Deployment.
- `registered_model_version_id` (String) The ID of the registered model version for this Deployment.

### Optional

- `association_id_settings` (Attributes) Association ID settings for this Deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--association_id_settings))
- `bias_and_fairness_settings` (Attributes) Bias and fairness settings for the Deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bias_and_fairness_settings))
- `challenger_models_settings` (Attributes) The challenger models settings for the Deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--challenger_models_settings))
- `challenger_replay_settings` (Attributes) The challenger replay settings for the Deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--challenger_replay_settings))
- `drift_tracking_settings` (Attributes) The drift tracking settings for the Deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--drift_tracking_settings))
- `health_settings` (Attributes) The health settings for this Deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_settings))
- `importance` (String) The importance of the Deployment.
- `prediction_intervals_settings` (Attributes) The prediction intervals settings for this Deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prediction_intervals_settings))
- `prediction_warning_settings` (Attributes) The prediction warning settings for the Deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prediction_warning_settings))
- `predictions_by_forecast_date_settings` (Attributes) The predictions by forecase date settings for the Deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictions_by_forecast_date_settings))
- `predictions_data_collection_settings` (Attributes) The predictions data collection settings for the Deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictions_data_collection_settings))
- `predictions_settings` (Attributes) Settings for the predictions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictions_settings))
- `segment_analysis_settings` (Attributes) The segment analysis settings for the Deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--segment_analysis_settings))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the Deployment.

<a id="nestedatt--association_id_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `association_id_settings`

Optional:

- `auto_generate_id` (Boolean) Whether to auto generate ID.
- `column_names` (List of String) Name of the columns to be used as association ID, currently only support a list of one string.
- `required_in_prediction_requests` (Boolean) Whether the association ID column is required in prediction requests.


<a id="nestedatt--bias_and_fairness_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bias_and_fairness_settings`

Required:

- `fairness_metric_set` (String) A set of fairness metrics to use for calculating fairness.
- `fairness_threshold` (Number) Threshold value of the fairness metric. Cannot be less than 0 or greater than 1.
- `preferable_target_value` (Boolean) A target value that should be treated as a positive outcome for the prediction.
- `protected_features` (List of String) A list of features to mark as protected.


<a id="nestedatt--challenger_models_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `challenger_models_settings`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Is 'True' if challenger models is enabled for this deployment.


<a id="nestedatt--challenger_replay_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `challenger_replay_settings`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If challenger replay is enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--drift_tracking_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `drift_tracking_settings`

Optional:

- `feature_drift_enabled` (Boolean) If feature drift tracking is to be turned on.
- `target_drift_enabled` (Boolean) If target drift tracking is to be turned on.


<a id="nestedatt--health_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_settings`

Optional:

- `accuracy` (Attributes) The accuracy health settings for this Deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_settings--accuracy))
- `actuals_timeliness` (Attributes) The actuals timeliness health settings for this Deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_settings--actuals_timeliness))
- `custom_metrics` (Attributes) The custom metrics health settings for this Deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_settings--custom_metrics))
- `data_drift` (Attributes) The data drift health settings for this Deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_settings--data_drift))
- `fairness` (Attributes) The fairness health settings for this Deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_settings--fairness))
- `predictions_timeliness` (Attributes) The predictions timeliness health settings for this Deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_settings--predictions_timeliness))
- `service` (Attributes) The service health settings for this Deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_settings--service))

<a id="nestedatt--health_settings--accuracy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_settings.accuracy`

Optional:

- `batch_count` (Number) The batch count for the accuracy health settings.
- `failing_threshold` (Number) The failing threshold for the accuracy health settings.
- `measurement` (String) The measurement for the accuracy health settings.
- `metric` (String) The metric for the accuracy health settings.
- `warning_threshold` (Number) The warning threshold for the accuracy health settings.


<a id="nestedatt--health_settings--actuals_timeliness"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_settings.actuals_timeliness`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If acutals timeliness is enabled for this Deployment.

Optional:

- `expected_frequency` (String) The expected frequency for the actuals timeliness health settings.


<a id="nestedatt--health_settings--custom_metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_settings.custom_metrics`

Optional:

- `failing_conditions` (Attributes List) The failing conditions for the custom metrics health settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_settings--custom_metrics--failing_conditions))
- `warning_conditions` (Attributes List) The warning conditions for the custom metrics health settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_settings--custom_metrics--warning_conditions))

<a id="nestedatt--health_settings--custom_metrics--failing_conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_settings.custom_metrics.failing_conditions`

Required:

- `compare_operator` (String) The compare operator for the failing condition of the custom metrics health settings.
- `metric_id` (String) The metric ID for the failing condition of the custom metrics health settings.
- `threshold` (Number) The threshold for the failing condition of the custom metrics health settings.


<a id="nestedatt--health_settings--custom_metrics--warning_conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_settings.custom_metrics.warning_conditions`

Required:

- `compare_operator` (String) The compare operator for the warning condition of the custom metrics health settings.
- `metric_id` (String) The metric ID for the warning condition of the custom metrics health settings.
- `threshold` (Number) The threshold for the warning condition of the custom metrics health settings.



<a id="nestedatt--health_settings--data_drift"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_settings.data_drift`

Optional:

- `batch_count` (Number) The batch count for the data drift health settings.
- `drift_threshold` (Number) The drift threshold for the data drift health settings.
- `exclude_features` (List of String) The exclude features for the data drift health settings.
- `high_importance_failing_count` (Number) The high importance failing count for the data drift health settings.
- `high_importance_warning_count` (Number) The high importance warning count for the data drift health settings.
- `importance_threshold` (Number) The importance threshold for the data drift health settings.
- `low_importance_failing_count` (Number) The low importance failing count for the data drift health settings.
- `low_importance_warning_count` (Number) The low importance warning count for the data drift health settings.
- `starred_features` (List of String) The starred features for the data drift health settings.
- `time_interval` (String) The time interval for the data drift health settings.


<a id="nestedatt--health_settings--fairness"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_settings.fairness`

Optional:

- `protected_class_failing_count` (Number) The protected class failing count for the fairness health settings.
- `protected_class_warning_count` (Number) The protected class warning count for the fairness health settings.


<a id="nestedatt--health_settings--predictions_timeliness"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_settings.predictions_timeliness`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If predictions timeliness is enabled for this Deployment.

Optional:

- `expected_frequency` (String) The expected frequency for the predictions timeliness health settings.


<a id="nestedatt--health_settings--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_settings.service`

Required:

- `batch_count` (Number) The batch count for the service health settings.



<a id="nestedatt--prediction_intervals_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prediction_intervals_settings`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether prediction intervals are enabled for this deployment.

Optional:

- `percentiles` (List of Number) List of enabled prediction intervals’ sizes for this deployment.


<a id="nestedatt--prediction_warning_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prediction_warning_settings`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If target prediction warning is enabled for this Deployment.

Optional:

- `custom_boundaries` (Attributes) The custom boundaries for prediction warnings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prediction_warning_settings--custom_boundaries))

<a id="nestedatt--prediction_warning_settings--custom_boundaries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prediction_warning_settings.custom_boundaries`

Optional:

- `lower_boundary` (Number) All predictions less than provided value will be considered anomalous.
- `upper_boundary` (Number) All predictions greater than provided value will be considered anomalous.



<a id="nestedatt--predictions_by_forecast_date_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictions_by_forecast_date_settings`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Is ’True’ if predictions by forecast date is enabled for this deployment.

Optional:

- `column_name` (String) The column name in prediction datasets to be used as forecast date.
- `datetime_format` (String) The datetime format of the forecast date column in prediction datasets.


<a id="nestedatt--predictions_data_collection_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictions_data_collection_settings`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If predictions data collections is enabled for this Deployment.


<a id="nestedatt--predictions_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictions_settings`

Required:

- `max_computes` (Number) The maximum number of computes to use for predictions.
- `min_computes` (Number) The minimum number of computes to use for predictions.
- `real_time` (Boolean) Whether to use real-time predictions.


<a id="nestedatt--segment_analysis_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `segment_analysis_settings`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Set to 'True' if segment analysis is enabled for this deployment.

Optional:

- `attributes` (List of String) A list of strings that gives the segment attributes selected for tracking.
