---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datarobot_llm_blueprint Resource - datarobot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  LLMBlueprint
---

# datarobot_llm_blueprint (Resource)

LLMBlueprint

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datarobot_use_case" "example" {
  name = "Example use case"
}

resource "datarobot_playground" "example" {
  name        = "An example playground"
  description = "Description for the example playground"
  use_case_id = datarobot_use_case.example.id
}

resource "datarobot_llm_blueprint" "example" {
  name          = "An example LLM blueprint"
  description   = "Description for the example LLM blueprint"
  playground_id = datarobot_playground.example.id
  llm_id        = "azure-openai-gpt-3.5-turbo"
  prompt_type   = "ONE_TIME_PROMPT"

  # Optional
  llm_settings = {
    max_completion_length = 1000
    temperature           = 0.5
    top_p                 = 0.9
    system_prompt         = "My Prompt:"
  }
  custom_model_llm_settings = {
    external_llm_context_size = 100
    system_prompt             = "My Prompt:"
    validation_id             = "111111111111"
  }
  vector_database_settings = {
    max_documents_retrieved_per_prompt = 5
    max_tokens                         = 1000
  }
}

output "example_id" {
  value       = datarobot_llm_blueprint.example.id
  description = "The id for the example LLM blueprint"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the LLM Blueprint.
- `playground_id` (String) The id of the Playground for the LLM Blueprint.

### Optional

- `custom_model_llm_settings` (Attributes) The custom model LLM settings for the LLM Blueprint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_model_llm_settings))
- `description` (String) The description of the LLM Blueprint.
- `llm_id` (String) The id of the LLM for the LLM Blueprint. If custom_model_llm_settings is set, this value must be 'custom-model'.
- `llm_settings` (Attributes) The LLM settings for the LLM Blueprint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--llm_settings))
- `prompt_type` (String) The prompt type for the LLM Blueprint.
- `vector_database_id` (String) The id of the Vector Database for the LLM Blueprint.
- `vector_database_settings` (Attributes) The Vector Database settings for the LLM Blueprint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vector_database_settings))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the LLM Blueprint.

<a id="nestedatt--custom_model_llm_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_model_llm_settings`

Optional:

- `external_llm_context_size` (Number) The external LLM's context size, in tokens. This value is only used for pruning documents supplied to the LLM when a vector database is associated with the LLM blueprint. It does not affect the external LLM's actual context size in any way and is not supplied to the LLM.
- `system_prompt` (String) System prompt guides the style of the LLM response. It is a 'universal' prompt, prepended to all individual prompts.
- `validation_id` (String) The validation ID of the custom model LLM.


<a id="nestedatt--llm_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `llm_settings`

Optional:

- `max_completion_length` (Number) The maximum number of tokens allowed in the completion. The combined count of this value and prompt tokens must be below the model's maximum context size, where prompt token count is comprised of system prompt, user prompt, recent chat history, and vector database citations.
- `system_prompt` (String) Guides the style of the LLM response. It is a 'universal' prompt, prepended to all individual prompts.
- `temperature` (Number) Controls the randomness of model output, where higher values return more diverse output and lower values return more deterministic results.
- `top_p` (Number) Threshold that controls the selection of words included in the response, based on a cumulative probability cutoff for token selection. Higher numbers return more diverse options for outputs.


<a id="nestedatt--vector_database_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vector_database_settings`

Optional:

- `max_documents_retrieved_per_prompt` (Number) The maximum number of documents to retrieve from the Vector Database.
- `max_tokens` (Number) The maximum number of tokens to retrieve from the Vector Database.
